c:\users\iaa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\bin\Debug\World FootBall Cup.exe
c:\users\iaa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\bin\Debug\World FootBall Cup.pdb
c:\users\iaa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\obj\Debug\World FootBall Cup.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\iaa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\obj\Debug\World_FootBall_Cup.Form1.resources
c:\users\iaa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\obj\Debug\World_FootBall_Cup.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\iaa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\obj\Debug\World FootBall Cup.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\iaa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\obj\Debug\World FootBall Cup.exe
c:\users\iaa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\obj\Debug\World FootBall Cup.pdb
c:\users\iaa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\obj\Debug\World_FootBall_Cup.Form2.resources
c:\users\iaa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\obj\Debug\World_FootBall_Cup.Form3.resources
c:\users\iaa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\obj\Debug\World_FootBall_Cup.Form4.resources
C:\Users\IAA\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\obj\Debug\World_FootBall_Cup.Form5.resources
C:\Users\IAA\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\obj\Debug\World_FootBall_Cup.Form6.resources
C:\Users\IAA\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\obj\Debug\World_FootBall_Cup.Form7.resources
C:\Users\IAA\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\obj\Debug\World_FootBall_Cup.Form8.resources
C:\Users\IAA\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\obj\Debug\World_FootBall_Cup.Form9.resources
C:\Users\IAA\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\obj\Debug\World_FootBall_Cup.Form10.resources
C:\Users\IAA\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\obj\Debug\World_FootBall_Cup.Form11.resources
C:\Users\IAA\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\obj\Debug\World_FootBall_Cup.Form13.resources
C:\Users\IAA\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\obj\Debug\World_FootBall_Cup.Form12.resources
C:\Users\IAA\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\obj\Debug\World_FootBall_Cup.Form14.resources
C:\Users\IAA\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\World FootBall Cup\World FootBall Cup\obj\Debug\World_FootBall_Cup.Form15.resources
